Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
It's like I've lived my life
and
it's sort of
all in these boxes
but what
is part of the
profound sadness
is that
I know it's incomplete
as much as I've
filmed and as hard as I've tried
there's nothing I can do
to make
any of it understood.
I know that
that's not true
but it's how I feel.
Hi.
I'm meeting the director
of the drama division
to show my son the school.
She was so hard on us.
Right under...
Do you know who that is?
That's a famous actress.
Kelly McGillis.
It sure does.
I miss London bad.
It's just. you know
the first big city I came to
after New York.
So as you have seen now several times
I can't speak without plugging this hole.
This is because
they put a piece of plastic
down my breathing tube
which is also. as everyone knows
where your food goes down
and because the hole is so small
you have to make a choice
when you have
this kind of problem whether you
breathe or eat.
Obviously. if you can't breathe.
you can't eat.
I used to hate the valley
with an absolute passion.
I hate it.
It's so. uh.
it's the rim of hell.
It's where hell begins. right here.
If you look over the edge.
you can look down into hell.
I haven't been out here in fifteen years.
The last time I was out here was making
Kiss Kiss Bang Bang
with Robert Downey Jr.
That house was there
but the rest of these houses weren't here
and my Dad bought all the property
and
sold each one of the lots
so he could
decide who his neighbors were gonna be.
This is my old house.
The second house.
It's full of death.
For Joanne. my wife. it was total hell.
Home was just another place to rehearse.
She tried to be supportive but
also just the music
over. and over. and over again.
Jim had this aspiration to
capture this
fleeting
ethereal truth.
I think it's Yeats who said.
I'm paraphrasing but
the idea is
you see a tree and you observe a truth
about the tree
and you're hit with it.
the magic of the tree.
I see this
hole in my throat
and I wonder
whether people wonder
if I've had any fear of dying.
Because I obviously
am
sounding
much worse than I feel.
But it's an obstacle obviously that
is uh
very present with whoever sees me.
And
I have had fears
but none that have ever
been overwhelming
about my life
because I
don't believe in death
and my whole life I've
tried to see the world
as one
piece of life.
That's how I understand it right.
when you pull back
from the planet. you see that
we're all one
life source.
Hi sweetheart.
You're not quite ready yet.
Ok.
I'm going to come...
I'm going to come over to you right?
Pick you up?
Alright.
Sure why not?
Holy cow.
Howdy.
Not bad.
Thank you so much.
Thunderheart.
Thank you.
Fantastic.
Val Kilmer "Chosen by God."
I blew his mind in South India.
I always love it here
in Texas because
my father was born here.
Even though he passed on
I always feel close by
when I come to Texas
and um
I'm having such a great time here.
I'd like to thank everybody for
putting on such a great show.
Sometimes
I feel so low and I have the blues
really really hard
about having to
you know. fly around the country.
I don't look great and
I'm selling basically my old self.
my old career.
For many people
it's like the lowest thing you can do is
talk about your old pictures
and sell photographs
of when you were Batman or
the Terminator...
I don't want to insult
any of the other actors
that fly around the world...
But it enables me to
meet my fans and
and what ends up happening is
I feel really grateful
rather than humiliated
because there's so many people.
Actors like Tommy Lee Jones
had designed this whole performance
and so had Jim Carrey.
It was just so huge.
I think it made no difference
what I was doing.
I tried to be like an
actor on a soap opera.
The way I would turn to Nicole.
Go count how many times
I put my hands on my hips.
I don't know how they come up with this
style of acting
but they seem to go
go to soap opera school.
"Why. why. why would you say that?"
I wanna take a break.
Yeah. my stomach...
I wanna lay down.
John Frankenheimer:
Ok. Uh. This has just gone too far.
I can't do it.
If we're going to work this way.
Shut the video camera off.
Val: Are we rehearsing?
JF: We are about to rehearse. Would you
please shut the video camera off.
Val: No. Because I'm
in a highly emotional state.
because you said earlier to David and I.
you were going to leave this movie.
JF: If this continues... I will not
I do not see how I could function
under these conditions.
I'm supposed to be doing creative work
and this is not conducive
to creating a good scene.
Val: Well -
can I have a minute.
because I'm in an emotional state
and I won't be able to read my lines.
JF: By all means. please have a minute.
I'll tell you what.
When you guys are ready to rehearse -
Val: I'm ready to rehearse right now.
JF: Shut the video camera off?
Val: I need a witness
because of things you've said.
JF: Things that I've said?
Val: Yeah.
Val: You've debated
in front of your two lead actors.
on whether you will continue
to direct this film.
That puts me in a state of mind -
not conducive to creating.
JF: Please shut the video camera off.
Val: I will keep it on
until we're rehearsing.
Gimme a shove.
Big...big...big shove.
Yeah. That's good.
Ah...there we are.
The reason I'm wearing an AZ hat.
is that
I'm going to Arizona
because
my mother passed on.
and
she uh.
right now she doesn't have
anyone to cremate her.
It glows in the dark.
It's very pretty.
I like those with that dress.
Ok. time to go!
I wrote something nice last night
all about her style.
Her hairdo and her jewelry
they always popped.
I miss my mama.
But I had a vision
that she was so happy
with her youngest son.
Why are we here?
So we're going out to Malibu
because of my wonderful little church
and
my members there. I love them very much.
I've studied all the major religions.
I've always been interested in religions
and
often when I meet someone
I'll end up talking about their faith.
I'll ask them.
I can't help it
I'm a bastard
and I love you.
It's very. very funny.
Malibu. six miles.
Oh look at the ocean.
What would happen if
I went into this church service
and I came out speaking perfectly well?
It's a very good lesson for me to study
about victory over the grave.